docs/src/content/docs/guides/installation.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
description: How to install ryu_ldn_nx on your Nintendo Switch
---

# Installation

This guide explains how to install ryu_ldn_nx on your Nintendo Switch.

## Requirements

Before installing, make sure you have:

- **Nintendo Switch** with custom firmware (CFW)
- **Atmosphere** 1.0.0 or newer
- **WiFi connection** to the internet
- **Tesla Menu** (optional, for overlay)

## Download

Download the latest release from GitHub:

[Download ryu_ldn_nx](https://github.com/Ethiquema/ryu_ldn_nx/releases/latest)

## Installation Steps

### 1. Extract to SD Card

1. Turn off your Switch
2. Remove the SD card and insert it into your computer
3. Extract the ZIP file to the root of your SD card
4. The file structure should look like:

```
SD Card/
├── atmosphere/
│   └── contents/
│       └── 4200000000000010/
│           ├── exefs.nsp
│           ├── main.npdm
│           └── toolbox.json
├── switch/
│   └── .overlays/
│       └── ryu_ldn_nx_overlay.ovl
└── config/
    └── ryu_ldn_nx/
        └── config.ini
```

### 2. Insert SD Card and Boot

1. Insert the SD card back into your Switch
2. Boot into Atmosphere CFW
3. The sysmodule will start automatically

### 3. Verify Installation

To verify the sysmodule is running:

1. Open Tesla Menu (L + DPad Down + Right Stick)
2. Select "ryu_ldn_nx" from the overlay list
3. You should see the connection status

## Updating

To update ryu_ldn_nx:

1. Download the new version
2. Extract to SD card (overwrite existing files)
3. Reboot your Switch

## Uninstalling

To remove ryu_ldn_nx:

1. Delete `atmosphere/contents/4200000000000010/`
2. Delete `switch/.overlays/ryu_ldn_nx_overlay.ovl`
3. Delete `config/ryu_ldn_nx/` (optional, keeps settings)

## Troubleshooting

### Sysmodule not loading

- Make sure Atmosphere is up to date
- Check that files are in the correct locations
- Try rebooting into CFW again

### Games not connecting

- Check your WiFi connection
- Verify the server address in config.ini
- See [Troubleshooting](/ryu_ldn_nx/guides/troubleshooting) for more help

## Next Steps

- [Configuration](/ryu_ldn_nx/guides/configuration) - Customize settings
- [Using the Overlay](/ryu_ldn_nx/guides/overlay) - Monitor your connection

Commit message:

feat: auto-generate config.ini on first boot
- Add save_config() and ensure_config_exists() functions
- Create config directory and file with defaults on sysmodule startup
- Store config at sdmc:/config/ryu_ldn_nx/config.ini
- Remove config.ini from CI package (no longer needed in ZIP)
- Add unit tests for save_config and ensure_config_exists
- Update documentation to reflect auto-generated config

docs/src/content/docs/guides/installation.mdx, after:

---
title: Installation
description: How to install ryu_ldn_nx on your Nintendo Switch
---

# Installation

This guide explains how to install ryu_ldn_nx on your Nintendo Switch.

## Requirements

Before installing, make sure you have:

- **Nintendo Switch** with custom firmware (CFW)
- **Atmosphere** 1.0.0 or newer
- **WiFi connection** to the internet
- **Tesla Menu** (optional, for overlay)

## Download

Download the latest release from GitHub:

[Download ryu_ldn_nx](https://github.com/Ethiquema/ryu_ldn_nx/releases/latest)

## Installation Steps

### 1. Extract to SD Card

1. Turn off your Switch
2. Remove the SD card and insert it into your computer
3. Extract the ZIP file to the root of your SD card
4. The file structure should look like:

```
SD Card/
├── atmosphere/
│   └── contents/
│       └── 4200000000000010/
│           ├── exefs.nsp
│           ├── main.npdm
│           └── toolbox.json
└── switch/
    └── .overlays/
        └── ryu_ldn_nx_overlay.ovl
```

Note: The config file (`config/ryu_ldn_nx/config.ini`) will be created automatically on first boot.

### 2. Insert SD Card and Boot

1. Insert the SD card back into your Switch
2. Boot into Atmosphere CFW
3. The sysmodule will start automatically

### 3. Verify Installation

To verify the sysmodule is running:

1. Open Tesla Menu (L + DPad Down + Right Stick)
2. Select "ryu_ldn_nx" from the overlay list
3. You should see the connection status

## Updating

To update ryu_ldn_nx:

1. Download the new version
2. Extract to SD card (overwrite existing files)
3. Reboot your Switch

## Uninstalling

To remove ryu_ldn_nx:

1. Delete `atmosphere/contents/4200000000000010/`
2. Delete `switch/.overlays/ryu_ldn_nx_overlay.ovl`
3. Delete `config/ryu_ldn_nx/` (optional, keeps settings)

## Troubleshooting

### Sysmodule not loading

- Make sure Atmosphere is up to date
- Check that files are in the correct locations
- Try rebooting into CFW again

### Games not connecting

- Check your WiFi connection
- Verify the server address in config.ini
- See [Troubleshooting](/ryu_ldn_nx/guides/troubleshooting) for more help

## Next Steps

- [Configuration](/ryu_ldn_nx/guides/configuration) - Customize settings
- [Using the Overlay](/ryu_ldn_nx/guides/overlay) - Monitor your connection
